Code of Conduct - Working principles Update / Renaming (#226)
CorrelAid/hugo-website: content/en/about/codeofconduct.md

# Our working principles

### Self-determination
Volunteers and partners work and make decisions self-determined and responsibly. To accommodate for different working styles and backgrounds, we do not prefer specific coding languages or technologies but rather encourage our partners and members to choose the right path for themselves, guiding them through their unique journey.

### Pragmatism

We create practical and sustainable solutions that have real value to our partners. We do so by striving to use technologies that can be implemented, used, maintained and updated by our partners, even if that means that we have to integrate less advanced tools. We foster an impact-driven mindset for the greater good.

### Transparency

> We are transparent in how we derive conclusions and try to explain methods and technologies used to our partners to empower them on their individual data journey. We also present differing views and are honest about the limitations of our knowledge and work. 

Author: Alternatively:

We are transparent in how we derive conclusions and try to explain methods and technologies used to our partners to empower them on their individual data journey. We also present differing views and are honest about the limitations of our knowledge and work. We make code and resources publicly available whenever possible and attend conferences and talks to share our expertise.

We believe in sharing our work, knowledge and experience. We make code and resources publicly available whenever possible and attend conferences and talks to share our expertise. 

> Information and decision making processes within CorrelAid are accessible and open to as many people as possible. We work towards removing knowledge silos by sharing and documenting workflows, processes and knowledge. 

Author: We make code and resources publicly available whenever possible and attend conferences and talks to share our expertise.

> We believe in sharing our work, knowledge and experience. We make code and resources publicly available whenever possible and attend conferences and talks to share our expertise. 
> 
> Information and decision making processes within CorrelAid are accessible and open to as many people as possible. We work towards removing knowledge silos by sharing and documenting workflows, processes and knowledge. 

Author: ```suggestion
We are transparent in how we derive conclusions and try to explain methods and technologies used to our partners to empower them on their individual data journey. We also present differing views and are honest about the limitations of our knowledge and work. What is ours is yours. We believe in sharing our work and knowledge with a broad community. We make code and resources publicly available whenever possible and attend conferences and talks to share our expertise.
```

# Our working principles

> ### Flexibility and Self-actualization
> 
> We guarantee that both NPOs and volunteers are able to freely dedicate their time to projects to accommodate for different needs. We believe that this enables us to get everyone involved and make the best out of the experience.
> 
> To accommodate for different working styles and backgrounds, we do not prefer specific coding languages or technologies but rather encourage our partners and members to choose the right path for themselves, guiding them through their unique journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Self-determination
Volunteers and partner work and make decisions self-determined
and responsibly. To accommodate for different working styles and backgrounds, we do not prefer specific coding languages or technologies but rather encourage our partners and members to choose the right path for themselves, guiding them through their unique journey.
```

Author: i like that shorter version better!

### Pragmatism

We create practical and sustainable solutions that have real value to our partners. We do so by striving to use technologies that can be implemented, used, maintained and updated by our partners, even if that means that we have to integrate less advanced tools. We foster an impact-driven mindset for the greater good.

### Professionalism

> We dedicate ourselves to have high working standards and ensuring that insights derived from our analysis are profound. Data protection and security are our key concerns. We especially make sure that confidential data is treated carefully and deleted after project closure.

Reviewer: delete

Author: agreed! can be deleted.

### Transparency and Openness

> 
> We are transparent in how we derive conclusions and try to explain methods and technologies used to our partners to empower them on their individual data journey. We also present differing views and are honest about the limitations of our knowledge and work. 
> 
> We believe in sharing our work, knowledge and experience. We make code and resources publicly available whenever possible and attend conferences and talks to share our expertise. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Transparency
We are transparent in how we derive conclusions and try to explain methods and technologies used to our partners to empower them on their individual data journey. We also present differing views and are honest about the limitations of our knowledge and work. We make code and resources publicly available whenever possible and attend conferences and talks to share our expertise.
```

Reviewer 2: We dedicate ourselves to have high working standards and ensuring that insights derived from our analysis are profound.

Author: We are transparent in how we derive conclusions and try to explain methods and technologies used to our partners to empower them on their individual data journey. We also present differing views and are honest about the limitations of our knowledge and work. 

We believe in sharing our work, knowledge and experience. We make code and resources publicly available whenever possible and attend conferences and talks to share our expertise. 

We dedicate ourselves to have high working standards and ensuring that insights derived from our analysis are profound.

Information and decision making processes within CorrelAid are accessible and open to as many people as possible. We work towards removing knowledge silos by sharing and documenting workflows, processes and knowledge. 

### Appreciation and Respect

We respect and value other people, the time they volunteer and their views, especially if they are different from ours. We do so by learning from each other and practicing gratitude. This can be as simple as saying ‘thank you’.

> We embrace diversity in all its forms and take care of fostering acceptance and respect inside our community and beyond. We want everyone to feel welcome and safe within CorrelAid. 

Author: i'd argue that we can put those two together, maybe just calling it "Respect". if split, the introductory sentences are kind of the same. 

i'd really like to remove "tolerance" if possible.

### Courage
We don't shy away from working on hard problems or making difficult decisions. We say no to things if they don't align with CorrelAid's values and speak up when we see unfairness or discrimination. We own up to our mistakes. 

> 

Author: We use data-based methods and tools responsibly and are committed to positive societal change. We don't shy away from working on hard problems or making difficult decisions. We say no to things if they don't align with CorrelAid's values and speak up when we see unfairness or discrimination. We own up to our mistakes.

> 

Reviewer 2: We use data-based methods and tools responsibly and are committed to positive societal change. We do not shy away from working on hard problems or making difficult decisions. We say no to things if they do not align with CorrelAid's values and speak up when we see injustice or discrimination. We own up to our mistakes.
